=pod

=head1 NAME

<<<<<<< HEAD
SSL_library_init, OpenSSL_add_ssl_algorithms,
=======
SSL_library_init, OpenSSL_add_ssl_algorithms, SSLeay_add_ssl_algorithms
>>>>>>> origin/master
- initialize SSL library by registering algorithms

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 #include <openssl/ssl.h>

 int SSL_library_init(void);
<<<<<<< HEAD

 int OpenSSL_add_ssl_algorithms(void);
=======
 #define OpenSSL_add_ssl_algorithms()    SSL_library_init()
 #define SSLeay_add_ssl_algorithms()     SSL_library_init()
>>>>>>> origin/master

=head1 DESCRIPTION

SSL_library_init() registers the available SSL/TLS ciphers and digests.

<<<<<<< HEAD
OpenSSL_add_ssl_algorithms() is a synonym for SSL_library_init() and is
implemented as a macro.
=======
OpenSSL_add_ssl_algorithms() and SSLeay_add_ssl_algorithms() are synonyms
for SSL_library_init().
>>>>>>> origin/master

=head1 NOTES

SSL_library_init() must be called before any other action takes place.
<<<<<<< HEAD
SSL_library_init() is not reentrant.
=======
SSL_library_init() is not reentrant. 
>>>>>>> origin/master

=head1 WARNING

SSL_library_init() adds ciphers and digests used directly and indirectly by
SSL/TLS.

<<<<<<< HEAD
=head1 RETURN VALUES

SSL_library_init() always returns "1", so it is safe to discard the return
value.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<ssl(3)>,
L<RAND_add(3)>

=head1 HISTORY

The SSL_library_init() and OpenSSL_add_ssl_algorithms() functions were
deprecated in OpenSSL 1.1.0 by OPENSSL_init_ssl().

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2000-2016 The OpenSSL Project Authors. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the OpenSSL license (the "License").  You may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.  You can obtain a copy
in the file LICENSE in the source distribution or at
L<https://www.openssl.org/source/license.html>.
=======
=head1 EXAMPLES

A typical TLS/SSL application will start with the library initialization,
and provide readable error messages.

 SSL_load_error_strings();                /* readable error messages */
 SSL_library_init();                      /* initialize library */

=head1 RETURN VALUES

SSL_library_init() always returns "1", so it is safe to discard the return
value.

=head1 NOTES

OpenSSL 0.9.8o and 1.0.0a and later added SHA2 algorithms to SSL_library_init().
Applications which need to use SHA2 in earlier versions of OpenSSL should call
OpenSSL_add_all_algorithms() as well.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<ssl(3)|ssl(3)>, L<SSL_load_error_strings(3)|SSL_load_error_strings(3)>,
L<RAND_add(3)|RAND_add(3)>
>>>>>>> origin/master

=cut
