=pod

=head1 NAME

SSL_CTX_set_cert_verify_callback - set peer certificate verification procedure

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 #include <openssl/ssl.h>

<<<<<<< HEAD
 void SSL_CTX_set_cert_verify_callback(SSL_CTX *ctx, int (*callback)(X509_STORE_CTX *, void *), void *arg);
=======
 void SSL_CTX_set_cert_verify_callback(SSL_CTX *ctx, int (*callback)(X509_STORE_CTX *,void *), void *arg);
>>>>>>> origin/master

=head1 DESCRIPTION

SSL_CTX_set_cert_verify_callback() sets the verification callback function for
I<ctx>. SSL objects that are created from I<ctx> inherit the setting valid at
<<<<<<< HEAD
the time when L<SSL_new(3)> is called.
=======
the time when L<SSL_new(3)|SSL_new(3)> is called.
>>>>>>> origin/master

=head1 NOTES

Whenever a certificate is verified during a SSL/TLS handshake, a verification
function is called. If the application does not explicitly specify a
verification callback function, the built-in verification function is used.
If a verification callback I<callback> is specified via
SSL_CTX_set_cert_verify_callback(), the supplied callback function is called
instead. By setting I<callback> to NULL, the default behaviour is restored.

When the verification must be performed, I<callback> will be called with
<<<<<<< HEAD
the arguments callback(X509_STORE_CTX *x509_store_ctx, void *arg). The
=======
the arguments callback(X509_STORE_CTX *x509_store_ctx, void *arg). The 
>>>>>>> origin/master
argument I<arg> is specified by the application when setting I<callback>.

I<callback> should return 1 to indicate verification success and 0 to
indicate verification failure. If SSL_VERIFY_PEER is set and I<callback>
returns 0, the handshake will fail. As the verification procedure may
allow to continue the connection in case of failure (by always returning 1)
the verification result must be set in any case using the B<error>
member of I<x509_store_ctx> so that the calling application will be informed
<<<<<<< HEAD
about the detailed result of the verification procedure!

Within I<x509_store_ctx>, I<callback> has access to the I<verify_callback>
function set using L<SSL_CTX_set_verify(3)>.
=======
about the detailed result of the verification procedure! 

Within I<x509_store_ctx>, I<callback> has access to the I<verify_callback>
function set using L<SSL_CTX_set_verify(3)|SSL_CTX_set_verify(3)>.
>>>>>>> origin/master

=head1 WARNINGS

Do not mix the verification callback described in this function with the
B<verify_callback> function called during the verification process. The
<<<<<<< HEAD
latter is set using the L<SSL_CTX_set_verify(3)>
=======
latter is set using the L<SSL_CTX_set_verify(3)|SSL_CTX_set_verify(3)>
>>>>>>> origin/master
family of functions.

Providing a complete verification procedure including certificate purpose
settings etc is a complex task. The built-in procedure is quite powerful
and in most cases it should be sufficient to modify its behaviour using
the B<verify_callback> function.

=head1 BUGS

<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
=head1 RETURN VALUES

>>>>>>> origin/master
SSL_CTX_set_cert_verify_callback() does not provide diagnostic information.

=head1 SEE ALSO

<<<<<<< HEAD
L<ssl(3)>, L<SSL_CTX_set_verify(3)>,
L<SSL_get_verify_result(3)>,
L<SSL_CTX_load_verify_locations(3)>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2001-2016 The OpenSSL Project Authors. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the OpenSSL license (the "License").  You may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.  You can obtain a copy
in the file LICENSE in the source distribution or at
L<https://www.openssl.org/source/license.html>.
=======
L<ssl(3)|ssl(3)>, L<SSL_CTX_set_verify(3)|SSL_CTX_set_verify(3)>,
L<SSL_get_verify_result(3)|SSL_get_verify_result(3)>,
L<SSL_CTX_load_verify_locations(3)|SSL_CTX_load_verify_locations(3)>

=head1 HISTORY

Previous to OpenSSL 0.9.7, the I<arg> argument to B<SSL_CTX_set_cert_verify_callback>
was ignored, and I<callback> was called simply as
 int (*callback)(X509_STORE_CTX *)
To compile software written for previous versions of OpenSSL, a dummy
argument will have to be added to I<callback>.
>>>>>>> origin/master

=cut
