=pod

=head1 NAME

<<<<<<< HEAD
CMS_final - finalise a CMS_ContentInfo structure
=======
 CMS_final - finalise a CMS_ContentInfo structure
>>>>>>> origin/master

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 #include <openssl/cms.h>

 int CMS_final(CMS_ContentInfo *cms, BIO *data, BIO *dcont, unsigned int flags);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

CMS_final() finalises the structure B<cms>. It's purpose is to perform any
operations necessary on B<cms> (digest computation for example) and set the
<<<<<<< HEAD
appropriate fields. The parameter B<data> contains the content to be
=======
appropriate fields. The parameter B<data> contains the content to be 
>>>>>>> origin/master
processed. The B<dcont> parameter contains a BIO to write content to after
processing: this is only used with detached data and will usually be set to
NULL.

=head1 NOTES

This function will normally be called when the B<CMS_PARTIAL> flag is used. It
should only be used when streaming is not performed because the streaming
I/O functions perform finalisation operations internally.

=head1 RETURN VALUES

CMS_final() returns 1 for success or 0 for failure.

=head1 SEE ALSO

<<<<<<< HEAD
L<ERR_get_error(3)>, L<CMS_sign(3)>,
L<CMS_encrypt(3)>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2008-2016 The OpenSSL Project Authors. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the OpenSSL license (the "License").  You may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.  You can obtain a copy
in the file LICENSE in the source distribution or at
L<https://www.openssl.org/source/license.html>.
=======
L<ERR_get_error(3)|ERR_get_error(3)>, L<CMS_sign(3)|CMS_sign(3)>,
L<CMS_encrypt(3)|CMS_encrypt(3)>

=head1 HISTORY

CMS_final() was added to OpenSSL 0.9.8
>>>>>>> origin/master

=cut
