=pod

=head1 NAME

<<<<<<< HEAD
DSA_SIG_get0, DSA_SIG_set0,
=======
>>>>>>> origin/master
DSA_SIG_new, DSA_SIG_free - allocate and free DSA signature objects

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 #include <openssl/dsa.h>

 DSA_SIG *DSA_SIG_new(void);
<<<<<<< HEAD
 void DSA_SIG_free(DSA_SIG *a);
 void DSA_SIG_get0(const DSA_SIG *sig, const BIGNUM **pr, const BIGNUM **ps);
 int DSA_SIG_set0(DSA_SIG *sig, BIGNUM *r, BIGNUM *s);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

DSA_SIG_new() allocates an empty B<DSA_SIG> structure.
=======

 void	DSA_SIG_free(DSA_SIG *a);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

DSA_SIG_new() allocates and initializes a B<DSA_SIG> structure.
>>>>>>> origin/master

DSA_SIG_free() frees the B<DSA_SIG> structure and its components. The
values are erased before the memory is returned to the system.

<<<<<<< HEAD
DSA_SIG_get0() returns internal pointers to the B<r> and B<s> values contained
in B<sig>.

The B<r> and B<s> values can be set by calling DSA_SIG_set0() and passing the
new values for B<r> and B<s> as parameters to the function. Calling this
function transfers the memory management of the values to the DSA_SIG object,
and therefore the values that have been passed in should not be freed directly
after this function has been called.

=======
>>>>>>> origin/master
=head1 RETURN VALUES

If the allocation fails, DSA_SIG_new() returns B<NULL> and sets an
error code that can be obtained by
<<<<<<< HEAD
L<ERR_get_error(3)>. Otherwise it returns a pointer
=======
L<ERR_get_error(3)|ERR_get_error(3)>. Otherwise it returns a pointer
>>>>>>> origin/master
to the newly allocated structure.

DSA_SIG_free() returns no value.

<<<<<<< HEAD
DSA_SIG_set0() returns 1 on success or 0 on failure.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<dsa(3)>, L<ERR_get_error(3)>,
L<DSA_do_sign(3)>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2000-2016 The OpenSSL Project Authors. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the OpenSSL license (the "License").  You may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.  You can obtain a copy
in the file LICENSE in the source distribution or at
L<https://www.openssl.org/source/license.html>.
=======
=head1 SEE ALSO

L<dsa(3)|dsa(3)>, L<ERR_get_error(3)|ERR_get_error(3)>,
L<DSA_do_sign(3)|DSA_do_sign(3)>

=head1 HISTORY

DSA_SIG_new() and DSA_SIG_free() were added in OpenSSL 0.9.3.
>>>>>>> origin/master

=cut
