=pod

=head1 NAME

ERR_load_crypto_strings, SSL_load_error_strings, ERR_free_strings -
load and free error strings

=head1 SYNOPSIS

<<<<<<< HEAD
Deprecated:

 #include <openssl/err.h>

 #if OPENSSL_API_COMPAT < 0x10100000L
 void ERR_load_crypto_strings(void);
 void ERR_free_strings(void);
 #endif

 #include <openssl/ssl.h>

 #if OPENSSL_API_COMPAT < 0x10100000L
 void SSL_load_error_strings(void);
 #endif

=head1 DESCRIPTION

All of the following functions are deprecated from OpenSSL 1.1.0. No explicit
initialisation or de-initialisation is necessary. See L<OPENSSL_init_crypto(3)>
and L<OPENSSL_init_ssl(3)>.

=======
 #include <openssl/err.h>

 void ERR_load_crypto_strings(void);
 void ERR_free_strings(void);

 #include <openssl/ssl.h>

 void SSL_load_error_strings(void);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

>>>>>>> origin/master
ERR_load_crypto_strings() registers the error strings for all
B<libcrypto> functions. SSL_load_error_strings() does the same,
but also registers the B<libssl> error strings.

<<<<<<< HEAD
In versions of OpenSSL prior to 1.1.0 ERR_free_strings() freed all previously
loaded error strings. However from OpenSSL 1.1.0 it does nothing.
=======
One of these functions should be called before generating
textual error messages. However, this is not required when memory
usage is an issue.

ERR_free_strings() frees all previously loaded error strings.
>>>>>>> origin/master

=head1 RETURN VALUES

ERR_load_crypto_strings(), SSL_load_error_strings() and
ERR_free_strings() return no values.

=head1 SEE ALSO

<<<<<<< HEAD
L<err(3)>, L<ERR_error_string(3)>

=head1 HISTORY

The ERR_load_crypto_strings(), SSL_load_error_strings(), and
ERR_free_strings() functions were deprecated in OpenSSL 1.1.0 by
OPENSSL_init_crypto() and OPENSSL_init_ssl().

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2000-2016 The OpenSSL Project Authors. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the OpenSSL license (the "License").  You may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.  You can obtain a copy
in the file LICENSE in the source distribution or at
L<https://www.openssl.org/source/license.html>.
=======
L<err(3)|err(3)>, L<ERR_error_string(3)|ERR_error_string(3)>

=head1 HISTORY

ERR_load_error_strings(), SSL_load_error_strings() and
ERR_free_strings() are available in all versions of SSLeay and
OpenSSL.
>>>>>>> origin/master

=cut
