=pod

=head1 NAME

<<<<<<< HEAD
ERR_remove_thread_state, ERR_remove_state - DEPRECATED

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Deprecated:

 #if OPENSSL_API_COMPAT < 0x10000000L
 void ERR_remove_state(unsigned long pid);
 #endif

 #if OPENSSL_API_COMPAT < 0x10100000L
 void ERR_remove_thread_state(void *);
 #endif

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The functions described here were used to free the error queue
associated with the current or specified thread.

They are now deprecated and do nothing, as the OpenSSL libraries now
normally do all thread initialisation and deinitialisation
automatically (see L<OPENSSL_init_crypto(3)>).

=head1 RETURN VALUE

The functions described here return no value.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<err(3)>, L<OPENSSL_init_crypto(3)>

=head1 HISTORY

ERR_remove_state() was deprecated in OpenSSL 1.0.0 when
ERR_remove_thread_state() was introduced.

ERR_remove_thread_state() was deprecated in OpenSSL 1.1.0 when the
thread handling functionality was entirely rewritten.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2000-2016 The OpenSSL Project Authors. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the OpenSSL license (the "License").  You may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.  You can obtain a copy
in the file LICENSE in the source distribution or at
L<https://www.openssl.org/source/license.html>.
=======
ERR_remove_thread_state, ERR_remove_state - free a thread's error queue

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 #include <openssl/err.h>

 void ERR_remove_thread_state(const CRYPTO_THREADID *tid);

Deprecated:

 void ERR_remove_state(unsigned long pid);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

ERR_remove_thread_state() frees the error queue associated with thread B<tid>.
If B<tid> == B<NULL>, the current thread will have its error queue removed.

Since error queue data structures are allocated automatically for new
threads, they must be freed when threads are terminated in order to
avoid memory leaks.

ERR_remove_state is deprecated and has been replaced by
ERR_remove_thread_state. Since threads in OpenSSL are no longer identified
by unsigned long values any argument to this function is ignored. Calling
ERR_remove_state is equivalent to B<ERR_remove_thread_state(NULL)>.

=head1 RETURN VALUE

ERR_remove_thread_state and ERR_remove_state() return no value.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<err(3)|err(3)>

=head1 HISTORY

ERR_remove_state() is available in all versions of SSLeay and OpenSSL. It
was deprecated in OpenSSL 1.0.0 when ERR_remove_thread_state was introduced
and thread IDs were introduced to identify threads instead of 'unsigned long'. 
>>>>>>> origin/master

=cut
