=pod

=head1 NAME

OPENSSL_config, OPENSSL_no_config - simple OpenSSL configuration functions

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 #include <openssl/conf.h>

<<<<<<< HEAD
 #if OPENSSL_API_COMPAT < 0x10100000L
 void OPENSSL_config(const char *appname);
 void OPENSSL_no_config(void);
 #endif

=head1 DESCRIPTION

OPENSSL_config() configures OpenSSL using the standard B<openssl.cnf> and
reads from the application section B<appname>. If B<appname> is NULL then
the default section, B<openssl_conf>, will be used.
=======
 void OPENSSL_config(const char *config_name);
 void OPENSSL_no_config(void);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

OPENSSL_config() configures OpenSSL using the standard B<openssl.cnf>
configuration file name using B<config_name>. If B<config_name> is NULL then
the file specified in the environment variable B<OPENSSL_CONF> will be used,
and if that is not set then a system default location is used.
>>>>>>> origin/master
Errors are silently ignored.
Multiple calls have no effect.

OPENSSL_no_config() disables configuration. If called before OPENSSL_config()
no configuration takes place.

<<<<<<< HEAD
If the application is built with B<OPENSSL_LOAD_CONF> defined, then a
call to OpenSSL_add_all_algorithms() will implicitly call OPENSSL_config()
first.

=======
>>>>>>> origin/master
=head1 NOTES

The OPENSSL_config() function is designed to be a very simple "call it and
forget it" function.
It is however B<much> better than nothing. Applications which need finer
control over their configuration functionality should use the configuration
functions such as CONF_modules_load() directly. This function is deprecated
and its use should be avoided.
Applications should instead call CONF_modules_load() during
initialization (that is before starting any threads).

There are several reasons why calling the OpenSSL configuration routines is
<<<<<<< HEAD
advisable. For example, to load dynamic ENGINEs from shared libraries (DSOs).
=======
advisable. For example new ENGINE functionality was added to OpenSSL 0.9.7.
In OpenSSL 0.9.7 control functions can be supported by ENGINEs, this can be
used (among other things) to load dynamic ENGINEs from shared libraries (DSOs).
>>>>>>> origin/master
However very few applications currently support the control interface and so
very few can load and use dynamic ENGINEs. Equally in future more sophisticated
ENGINEs will require certain control operations to customize them. If an
application calls OPENSSL_config() it doesn't need to know or care about
ENGINE control operations because they can be performed by editing a
configuration file.

<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
Applications should free up configuration at application closedown by calling
CONF_modules_free().

>>>>>>> origin/master
=head1 RETURN VALUES

Neither OPENSSL_config() nor OPENSSL_no_config() return a value.

=head1 SEE ALSO

<<<<<<< HEAD
L<conf(5)>,
L<CONF_modules_load_file(3)>

=head1 HISTORY

The OPENSSL_no_config() and OPENSSL_config() functions were
deprecated in OpenSSL 1.1.0 by OPENSSL_init_crypto().

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2004-2016 The OpenSSL Project Authors. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the OpenSSL license (the "License").  You may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.  You can obtain a copy
in the file LICENSE in the source distribution or at
L<https://www.openssl.org/source/license.html>.
=======
L<conf(5)|conf(5)>, L<CONF_load_modules_file(3)|CONF_load_modules_file(3)>,
L<CONF_modules_free(3)|CONF_modules_free(3)>

=head1 HISTORY

OPENSSL_config() and OPENSSL_no_config() first appeared in OpenSSL 0.9.7
>>>>>>> origin/master

=cut
