=pod

=head1 NAME

<<<<<<< HEAD
OPENSSL_VERSION_NUMBER, OpenSSL_version,
OpenSSL_version_num - get OpenSSL version number
=======
OPENSSL_VERSION_NUMBER, SSLeay, SSLeay_version - get OpenSSL version number
>>>>>>> origin/master

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 #include <openssl/opensslv.h>
 #define OPENSSL_VERSION_NUMBER 0xnnnnnnnnnL

 #include <openssl/crypto.h>
<<<<<<< HEAD

 unsigned long OpenSSL_version_num();
 const char *OpenSSL_version(int t);
=======
 long SSLeay(void);
 const char *SSLeay_version(int t);
>>>>>>> origin/master

=head1 DESCRIPTION

OPENSSL_VERSION_NUMBER is a numeric release version identifier:

 MNNFFPPS: major minor fix patch status

The status nibble has one of the values 0 for development, 1 to e for betas
1 to 14, and f for release.

for example

 0x000906000 == 0.9.6 dev
 0x000906023 == 0.9.6b beta 3
 0x00090605f == 0.9.6e release

Versions prior to 0.9.3 have identifiers E<lt> 0x0930.
Versions between 0.9.3 and 0.9.5 had a version identifier with this
interpretation:

 MMNNFFRBB major minor fix final beta/patch

for example

 0x000904100 == 0.9.4 release
 0x000905000 == 0.9.5 dev

Version 0.9.5a had an interim interpretation that is like the current one,
except the patch level got the highest bit set, to keep continuity.  The
number was therefore 0x0090581f.

<<<<<<< HEAD
OpenSSL_version_num() returns the version number.

OpenSSL_version() returns different strings depending on B<t>:

=over 4

=item OPENSSL_VERSION

The text variant of the version number and the release date.  For example,
"OpenSSL 1.0.1a 15 Oct 2015".

=item OPENSSL_CFLAGS
=======

For backward compatibility, SSLEAY_VERSION_NUMBER is also defined.

SSLeay() returns this number. The return value can be compared to the
macro to make sure that the correct version of the library has been
loaded, especially when using DLLs on Windows systems.

SSLeay_version() returns different strings depending on B<t>:

=over 4

=item SSLEAY_VERSION

The text variant of the version number and the release date.  For example,
"OpenSSL 0.9.5a 1 Apr 2000".

=item SSLEAY_CFLAGS
>>>>>>> origin/master

The compiler flags set for the compilation process in the form
"compiler: ..."  if available or "compiler: information not available"
otherwise.

<<<<<<< HEAD
=item OPENSSL_BUILT_ON
=======
=item SSLEAY_BUILT_ON
>>>>>>> origin/master

The date of the build process in the form "built on: ..." if available
or "built on: date not available" otherwise.

<<<<<<< HEAD
=item OPENSSL_PLATFORM
=======
=item SSLEAY_PLATFORM
>>>>>>> origin/master

The "Configure" target of the library build in the form "platform: ..."
if available or "platform: information not available" otherwise.

<<<<<<< HEAD
=item OPENSSL_DIR
=======
=item SSLEAY_DIR
>>>>>>> origin/master

The "OPENSSLDIR" setting of the library build in the form "OPENSSLDIR: "...""
if available or "OPENSSLDIR: N/A" otherwise.

<<<<<<< HEAD
=item OPENSSL_ENGINES_DIR

The "ENGINESDIR" setting of the library build in the form "ENGINESDIR: "...""
if available or "ENGINESDIR: N/A" otherwise.

=======
>>>>>>> origin/master
=back

For an unknown B<t>, the text "not available" is returned.

=head1 RETURN VALUE

The version number.

=head1 SEE ALSO

<<<<<<< HEAD
L<crypto(3)>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2000-2016 The OpenSSL Project Authors. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the OpenSSL license (the "License").  You may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.  You can obtain a copy
in the file LICENSE in the source distribution or at
L<https://www.openssl.org/source/license.html>.
=======
L<crypto(3)|crypto(3)>

=head1 HISTORY

SSLeay() and SSLEAY_VERSION_NUMBER are available in all versions of SSLeay and OpenSSL.
OPENSSL_VERSION_NUMBER is available in all versions of OpenSSL.
B<SSLEAY_DIR> was added in OpenSSL 0.9.7.
>>>>>>> origin/master

=cut
